System.CommandLine docs update (#46594)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/commandline/syntax.md

ms.topic: conceptual
---

> # Syntax overview: commands, options, and arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Syntax overview: Commands, options, and arguments
```

                                  ^-----------^
```

An argument that is defined without a default value is treated as a required argument.

> ## Parse Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parse errors
```

dotnet add package System.CommandLine --source https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json --no-restore --prerelease
```

> When there are multiple arguments, the order does matter. The following commands are not equivalent, they differ in the order of the values, which could lead to different results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are multiple arguments, the order does matter. The following commands are not equivalent; they differ in the order of the values, which could lead to different results:
```

dotnet publish --o ./publish
```

> `System.CommandLine` doesn't support automatic aliases, each alias needs to be specified in explicit way. Both commands and options expose `Aliases` property, but `Option` has a constructor that accepts aliases as parameters, so you can define an option with multiple aliases in a single line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`System.CommandLine` doesn't support automatic aliases. Each alias must be specified explicitly. Both commands and options expose an `Aliases` property. `Option` has a constructor that accepts aliases as parameters, so you can define an option with multiple aliases in a single line:
```

 The following directives are built in:

* [`[diagram]`](#the-diagram-directive)
* [`[suggest]`](#suggest-directive)

### The `[diagram]` directive

> Both users and developers may find it useful to see how an app will interpret a given input. One of the default features of a `System.CommandLine` app is the `[diagram]` directive, which lets you preview the result of parsing command input. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both users and developers might find it useful to see how an app will interpret a given input. One of the default features of a `System.CommandLine` app is the `[diagram]` directive, which lets you preview the result of parsing command input. For example:
```
